# Lab Retrospective Discussion
### Names
Albert Yuan
Richard Deng
Gordon Kim
Samuel Li 
Tarun Amasa
Luis Pereda Amaya

## Project's current progress
We feel that overall the project is on track, the goal is to have a fully working version of chess
by Monday, which I think we are on track to do. We have a pretty good idea of how it is we want the
program to work and be extended, and have the game working except for a few specific rules. We have
also cleared up a lot of the questions the team had about the specifications on the project and I
feel more on track with the work we are doing.

## Current level of communication
We all feel that the current level of communication is far too low, this is our common gripe with 
how the project is currently going. We need meetings to be more effective with unique
responsibilities for each team member clearly outline. We have all been unclear with what it is we 
are doing and our specific responsibilities, so we think it is important to meet more and be more
communicative to more easily define our roles. 

## Satisfaction with team roles
Everyone on the team so far feels satisfied with their roles on the team. We like the work we are 
doing, we just need to be more structured as a team. If we manage our teamwork in a better way, 
we will then be able to handle our respective roles better and this will allow us to be more
successful on the next sprint. 

## Teamwork that worked well

* Thing #1
    We were productive in the sense that we got done what we wanted to get wanted to get done. When
    we sat down to work together we got a lot done, and we were able to all effectively implement
    our respective tasks. 
* Thing #2

    Another thing that we agreed worked really well was how we interacted as a team in an 
    interpersonal sense. We are respectful of each other and our time, and we get along very well
    as a team. Overall our interactions as a teeam 

## Teamwork that could be improved

* Thing #1

    As mentioned before, our communication as a team can be greatly improved. We believe we can deal
    with this by meeting more often in person as a team, and having design focused meetings. In most
    meetings we talk about design but also implement, and we think that having purely design focused 
    meetings could help our team a lot. 

* Thing #2
    
    Another thing that could be improved is splitting up our work more clearly so that we do not
    overstep on work that others have done. We think that this will help us to be more productive
    overall as everyone will have clearly outlined responsibilities.

## Teamwork to improve next Sprint
For the next sprint we all agree we have to communicate better and use the tools provided to us to
facilitate our communication. We will use issue boards and descriptive commit messages to know
what the team has done. Additionally, we will be clear and deliberate about what is being worked on
and what is expected of everyone. 